When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

    When I want to share my work with the community or the development team whom I collaborate with.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    Because the repository could have some commits raising conflicts as they are pulled from remote to my local working directory. So it would be better to handle this operation manually.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

    Forks copy remotely repositories from an user account to another one. We use them, for example, when we start a new project using a template project built from someone else. All the pushed commits exist in the last repository but not in the original one.
    Clones create local copies of remote repositories. Clone a repository is the first operation to start our contribution to a project, working on a local copy and then pushing commits.
    Branches, finally, are useful when we want to try experimental features or fixing bugs starting from a commit keeping the master clean. 

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

    It makes easy to check if there are changes that may conflict with the local copy. So I can merge my commits with the remote stored locally and then push the merged version to the remote on GitHub.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

    I think I would share my work with team using a cloud storage service, such as Dropbox. Then all the members will get the latest version automatically downloaded on their own PC and I would be able to keep the history of the changes. Despite of it, some operation like working on the same file at the same time would be harder than using Git/GitHub. For instance, to tackle conflicts I would have to duplicate files over many folders and then merge manually with the original one with a higher risk of breaking the code. 

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

    I would use a separate branch when I start working on features or new ideas that maybe will not end on the master branch. The work on the separate branch could be merged in a second time or even discarded. So I keep the master branch clean and available for changes and the separate branch would be not affected by others.
